[Docs] Terrain tutorial update (#2146)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/learning-guide/tutorials/environments/create-terrain-from-images/experiment.md

---
linkTitle: Experiment Further
title: Experiment Further
description: Experiment with the created terrain.
weight: 600
toc: true
---

In this tutorial section, you can experiment with the created terrain to try out more features of the terrain system.

## Scale the terrain

At this point, the terrain is 256 m x 256 m in size. However, the scale can be adjusted if desired.

1. Select the **Terrain Spawner** entity.

2. Set the **Dimensions** of the **Axis Aligned Box Shape** to `512.0, 512.0, 100.0`.

3. Set the **Z Dimension** of the Transform to `50.0`.

4. If either the heights or the surface materials look blocky, make sure that the Sampling Type on the Image Gradients is set to either `Bilinear` or `Bicubic`.

5. Experiment by setting the box shape to other sizes.

## Duplicate the terrain

1. Right-click on the **Terrain Spawner** entity in the Entity Inspector and choose **Create Prefab...**.

2. A dialog will appear asking if you would like to move or retain the references to external entities. Select **Move**.

> 3. Create a second copy of the terrain in the level by right-cliking in the Entity Inspector and choosing **Instantiate Prefab...**.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Create a second copy of the terrain in the level by right-clicking in the Entity Outliner and choosing **Instantiate Prefab...**.
```
